h2. Overview

This plug-in is designed to build expose a contribution report APIs which extract data representing the effort, typically in time logged, contributed by JIRA each user.

Building this software was tested with version 3.2 of the Atlassian plug-in SDK.

h2. Examples

As this is really just a couple of REST based resource interfaces at the moment it is easiest to illustrate it's function through some examples.

All URL's used to address this plug-in begin with the following:

bc. http://localhost:2990/jira/rest/tribs-rest/1.0/

Adding the following fragment will retrieve a summary of contributions:

* This URL will retrieve all contributions to projects by all users.

bc. contributions/all.xml?os_username=admin&os_password=admin

Adding the following fragment will retrieve a summary of contributions for a given period:

bc. contributions/period.xml?os_username=admin&os_password=admin&startDate=2010-01-01&endDate=2010-02-01
 
This sample below illustrates two users, with one having time spent against two projects and the other with only time spent against a single project.

pre. {
   "status-code":200,
   "message":"Success",
   "userContributions":[
      {
         "userid":"admin",
         "fullName":"admin",
         "projectTimeSpentList":[
            {
               "projectName":"STAR4 Application",
               "projectKey":"STAR",
               "timespent":7200
            },
            {
               "projectName":"fxassetman",
               "projectKey":"FXA",
               "timespent":7200
            }
         ]
      },
      {
         "userid":"mark",
         "fullName":"Mark Wolfe",
         "projectTimeSpentList":[
            {
               "projectName":"fxassetman",
               "projectKey":"FXA",
               "timespent":14400
            }
         ]
      }
   ]
}


bc. worklog/period.xml?os_username=admin&os_password=admin&startDate=2010-01-01&endDate=2011-02-01&userid=admin&projectKey=FXA

h2. TODO 

* Need to document the work log interface
* Need to make endDate optional for all period based methods, if not supplied this will be defaulted to now.
* Need to make user id optional for the work log method, so all work log entries can be retrieved for a given project.
* Also need to make project key optional to enable retrieval for all work log entries for a give user.
* Change the description in the work log entry to the value of Issue Title.
